Move away from startup.sh in favour of govuk-docker (#1065)
alphagov/govuk-content-schemas: README.md

This repo contains [JSON Schema](http://json-schema.org/) files and examples of the content that uses them on GOV.UK.

> The [Jsonnet](https://jsonnet.org/) source files live in `formats`, and the schemas live in `dist` (which should not be edited manually). There are also example JSON files in `examples`, to support testing in apps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The actual JSON schema files live in `dist` and are generated from [Jsonnet templates](https://jsonnet.org) in `source`. Using templates makes it easier to duplicate common blocks across multiple schemas e.g. format and URL fields. **Do not edit files in `dist` manually**, as they will be overwritten.
```

Optional: we can be clearer about the relationship between the two directories, and explain why we have them.

**Use GOV.UK Docker to run any commands that follow.**

> ### Building the schemas

Reviewer: Optional: since this is a non-standard section, it would be helpful to explain when someone should run this command e.g. to get validate a change to the schemas, without running the tests (which are separate).

**Use GOV.UK Docker to run any commands that follow.**

### Building the schemas

```
bundle exec rake build
```

### Running the tests

```

> bundle exec rake spec

Reviewer: ```suggestion
bundle exec rake
```

We should encourage people to run the default, as this includes linting (and mirrors what CI will run).

Author: I did write that initially, but then adding the "build schemas" section felt odd, as I was specifying commands that are already run as part of the default task. I've tweaked the commit a bit to add this back in, as well as explain how to run the tests in isolation.

```

### Further documentation

> * [How to change a schema](docs/changing-a-schema.md)

Reviewer: Very optional: this file and the one below seem to overlap with the "Suggested workflows" one (it's actually quite confusing which one to read first). We could just leave them as-is, but I thought I'd mention in case you feel inclined to merge them together.

* [Why do contract testing?](docs/why-contract-testing.md)

> * [Running your frontend against the examples and random content (content-store not needed)](docs/running-frontend-against-examples.md)

Reviewer: Optional: this file still contains references to the dev VM. Do you think it's worth tidying it up as part of this PR?

> * [Deployment](docs/deployment.md)

Reviewer: Optional: I think we can delete this file, since it only contains one line! We could explain this repo is deployed like any other app, but we still don't need a whole separate file to explain this.
